And you can find more information and submit the application on Blackboard. Your application will be reviewed by the course teaching team later. And please also note that exemption from the course does not imply the automatic award of its credits, which means if you are opt out from this course, you need to select more courses from the electives to meet the degree requirements.

All right. Next slide, please. Okay.

So now let's move on to the Tsinghua course. So as mentioned before, all students are required to take at least one Tsinghua course, allowing students to interact with Tsinghua students and experience student life in China firsthand. So students may take Tsinghua course either for degree credit or as non-degree courses, depending on your academic plans.

And next slide, please. All right. So now let's welcome my colleagues,, and from student life team to introduce language courses, experiential learning, and other mandatory activities, please.

Thank you. Hi, everyone. So as mentioned, so the language courses and deep dive are actually under student life.

So first Hello, everyone. Yeah.

Thank you. Hi everyone.

And I already briefly introduced the Chinese curricula when I introduced the lingo bus program, but I want to emphasize a few points today. And first of all, Chinese courses are mandatory in module one for all international students. And we have altogether nine sub-levels for you.

And level 1A, 1B, 1C are beginning level. And level 2A and 2B are intermediate level. Level 3A and 3B is for pre-advanced.

And 4A and 4B for advanced. So to find you the most suitable course, we will have two placement tests. One is a written test that will be sent out via email in early July.

And another one is a speaking and reading test. We will take it during orientation. To have a better idea what's on the test, you can go to Blackboard and find the Chinese language learning resources under my organization.

We have the key vocabulary and grammar patterns there to help you to prepare for the tests. And I'll pass it to to introduce the English courses. Hello there.

My name is. I'm also a member of the student life team along with and, and I'm the English language instructor in the college. As mentioned, the current curriculum includes a mandatory two credit language course in module one for all scholars.

And so this means that all domestic Chinese scholars will complete the advanced English course in module one, whilst the international scholars complete the Chinese language course. In the coming days, I'll be contacting all domestic scholars to arrange the placement test, and we will conduct a speaking test online in late June or early July, and then a written test during the orientation. As well as that, in modules two and three, we offer optional professional English and academic English courses, and you're welcome to sign up for those.

And finally, throughout the year, I hold regular communication center appointments, so feel free to meet with me to discuss any aspect of communication, whether you want to run through a speech, a class activity, or look at an aspect of your writing. I'm really looking forward to meeting everyone in the college in August. Thank you.

Thank you, and. And I just really do want to encourage all of you to, if you can, take Chinese throughout the year for the international scholars, and for everyone to take advantage of and the communication center. I know he's really helped a lot of our scholars improve in terms of public speaking, in terms of writing, different things, essays for applications for, say, for doctoral programs, as well as pretty much everything related to communication.

But now to Deep Dive. So Deep Dive is a mandatory two credit course that runs throughout the year. It includes lectures on Fridays, as well as workshops.

This kind of changes every year, but you typically have some, say, Chinese tea traditions and Kung Fu. And next slide, please. And then we also have local field trips, and we really try to utilize the rich tapestry of Beijing.

I mean, there is no better place to learn about Chinese history and business, as well as politics, than Beijing. So we do field trips throughout the year, and local field trips. And then next slide.

But the hallmark of the Deep Dive course is the week-long field trips that take place in between Modules 1 and 2. This year, we have trips going to eight different provinces. And so basically, we'll put people in groups of, say, 13 to 20, 25 at most. And the trips focus on different themes, business development, rural development, grassroots governance, and really kind of focus on also what makes that particular place interesting and important for understanding China.

Next slide. And then something that we started about three years ago is in the spring, you have the opportunity to set up your own field trips. And we'll give more information about that in December.

But this year, we had nine groups in six provinces doing everything from looking at in Tibet, or in Xinjiang, or in looking at Taoism and tea at Wudang Mountain in Hubei, to looking at China-Africa relations through Guangzhou and the port cities of Dongguan and Shenzhen. So again, we're very excited for you all to come. And we really look forward to helping you learn as much about China as possible.

All right. Thank you,. 

Thank you.

