Welcome to our second workshop and this time we are going to be focusing on the public transportation in Beijing as well as some cultural tips. So, I'm going to start with a basic introduction of different ways to get around in Beijing and then is going to have some multiple choices on different cultural tips in Beijing and China. Okay.

Just in case if you don't know us, I'm and this is. We're both CMS scholars but we're both from China. I just graduated from McGill University in Canada and my hometown is in Dalian, China.

And? Yeah, and I just graduated from Duke University last December and I'm currently interning in Beijing so a lot of Beijing life right now. Yes, and I'm also interning in Beijing so if anyone wants to come to Beijing and see us in Beijing, we're happy to welcome you. Alright, we're going to have get started and I'll follow up for the second half of the presentation.

Okay, awesome. Next slide, please. Okay, so there are basically four ways to get around in Beijing.

So, the first one is subway and the second one is ride-hailing and the third one is shared bike and we also have buses. And so, personally, I would recommend subway because I feel like it's fast and it's good for long-distance trip but also for the ride-hailing, it's good for door-to-door and night trips and then for the shared bike, it's very good for last mile and campus-to station as well as short distance. So when you come to China, you will see there will be a lot of different shared bikes around subway stations so that's good if you want to just get to somewhere from the stations.

And lastly, we also have different buses roads which is good for scenic roads. And we also put a very basic overview of their prices and the ways that you can pay them in this slide but we will get deeper into them in the following slides. Okay, next slide.

Okay, so Alipay is a very important ticket to getting around in Beijing. You can use Alipay for all the four modes that I just mentioned. In terms of setting up Alipay, it's also not very hard but it does require some steps.

You need to have the app first and then register with an international phone number and then verify your passport and then you can link your credit or debit card with it and then to activate transportation QR code for Beijing. On the right, it's a screenshot from my personal Alipay with different QR code. You can see there's a QR code for bus and there's another QR code for metro and you can also use traffic card which is for both.

And then you also have the taxi option and the 12306 is for Gaotie. So it's like for trains between different cities and you can also use Alipay to book flight. So basically you can use Alipay for all major modes of transportation in Beijing.

But alternatively if you want to have something that is physical, you can also purchase a Beijing transit card at any subway station and you can use that for subways, buses as well as some taxis. And I forgot to mention so when we're doing the presentation if you have any questions, you can just send them in the chat and I think will be able to answer them if she sees them. And if we don't get to answer them during the presentation, we will also have a Q&A session at the end of this workshop where we can answer and discuss different questions.

So next slide please. Alipay is good for Alipay is good for all transportation modes and then getting into the subway basics. I think there's some messing up with the format here.

So for the subways on the right it's like a screenshot of the subway system in Beijing and there are 13 lines and about 500 stations and you can get to as far as to two airports like from two airports to like the more central area of Beijing. So it's a very convenient and a very reliable way of getting around in Beijing. And it does have like hours from 5 a.m. to 11 p.m. And the usual fee is about 3 yuan to 10 yuan.

It's based on distance and there's one exception which is the airport express that is more expensive because it's like more comfortable as well as like 5 yuan. But for most of the subways that we will be using it's going to be around 3 to 10 for each trip. And for the frequency it's about every 2 to 5 minutes for like the most popular lines.

And there's also like a security for like getting to the subway station so when you're getting to the station they will like check your bags at the entrance. And for the payment methods as mentioned you can use the QR code in Alipay and you can also use your master or visa card and you can use your paper ticket and you can get them at the vending machines and you can also like use the Beijing transit card. Yep.

Next slide please. Yeah. And there's some like subway stations near Tsinghua University as well.

So here are three. So the first one is Wudaokou and that's for line 13 and it's about 15 minutes walk to the east gate and it leads you to like a very popular and lively area with like restaurants, shopping malls, entertainment, etc. And that area itself is called Wudaokou.

So like you can like hang out with your friends like getting some like good dinners and lunches there. Yep. And there's also like another subway station which is quite close to Tsinghua on campus which is Tsinghua East Road and West Entrance and that's for like line 15.

It's about 10 minutes walk to east gate and it's also the station that is the closest to east gate. And lastly we also have Yuanmingyuan station which is for line 4 and it's about 15 minutes to west gate. So here I put a map here to show the relative position of these stations as well as to the college.

So the college is closer to the east gate so the east gate is around here. So you can see that the Tsinghua East Road West Entrance is the closest one and the Wudaokou is a bit far away but it gets you to like this busy area and Yuanmingyuan is on the west side. Yep, so just to give a sense of different stations and where the college is.

I don't know why like all the titles are messed up., would you mind if I stop? If you stop sharing and I can try to share from my side? Yeah, sorry about that guys. I don't know why.

It looked good without Zoom but with Zoom somehow like it crushed the entire PowerPoint. Yep. Okay.

Okay. I can see the screen. Okay, awesome.

Okay. Yeah, and now also get into the ride hailing. It can be done using Didi app which is a very popular app for ride sharing and you can also use WeChat mini program and you can learn more about the WeChat mini program in our last session's recording and we discussed like the uses of WeChat there.

And you can also use AMAP and Alipay. So the process is very similar to like any other ride hailing app such as Uber or Lyft. And there's one small difference.

So you need to tell or show the driver the last four digits of your phone number when getting into the car. So like they will have the first two digits of your last four digits of your phone number and you need to tell him like the rest two basically in order to confirm that you are the rider that the driver is waiting for. So there's this one small extra process.

And these are some screenshots. So this is from Alipay. So on the Alipay you can just enter where you are going and to call like a ride hailing.

And here is the screenshot from the mini, the WeChat mini program and the process is quite similar. But it's just to show there are different ways to get a taxi in Beijing. Okay, and now I think it's something that is quite interesting and maybe a little bit special in Beijing.

So it's Beijing's shared bike system. So there are three main brands of shared bikes in Beijing. So when you see the yellow bikes, they are like the Meituan bike and you also have the blue bikes which are Hello bikes and you also have the green one which is Qingju bike.

So the uses of these bikes are similar. They are just coming from different companies. So the way of using them is that you can open Alipay or their separate app to find a bike near you.

And on each bike there's going to be a QR code and you can just scan that QR code to rent that bike and to unlock the bike. And you can ride that bike to the destination and on the destination there's going to be a designated zone which is outlined by white paints and you will see different white boxes and that's where you park your bike and to return your bike. And then for some bikes you need to manually lock the bikes.

But most of the bikes now you just need to lock them on your phone to return the bike and to get the fee for that trip. And usually the cost is about 2 yuan for 60 minutes. And different companies also have their own policies.

So for example some companies have monthly pass and that is recommended if you use bikes a lot. So around Tsinghua campus you can find bikes on cluster near the Wudaokou station and Tsinghua East Road West Entrance station. So these are the two subway stations.

You can usually find those bikes around stations. And inside the campus you can find them near main buildings and dorms. And inside the campus you can also see like special purple editions which is only for Tsinghua because that's the colour of the university.

And you can only use them within the campus so you cannot ride them outside. And there are some tips for shared bikes. So firstly always park them in the designated zones which is outlined by white to avoid fines.

And do not ride on sidewalks and lock the bike properly when finished because sometimes my friends would forget to lock their bikes and they would get a fine for that. So yeah just to avoid the fines. And lastly we also have buses.

So the fare for bus is similar to the subway. It's about 2 to 9 yuan per trip. And the way you use buses is to scan it when you get into the bus and scan again when you get out of the bus.

So you get into the bus through the front door and you get out through the rear door. So you scan two times. And here are some useful buses roads both within and outside the campus.

So inside there's a campus shuttle bus and there are several roads connecting key academic buildings and dorms and other campus facilities. And you can find information about them on the mini program Qinghua campus bus. And you can actually also just use Gaodele map to find information about them which is very convenient.

And for this part the information I actually looked them up when preparing this presentation because I was not very familiar with the bus roads around Qinghua. But apparently there are very there are a lot of different bus roads near the campus which is good. And which is good for exploring the city in a slower pace.

Because with the subway it's all underground and you can see nothing. But on the buses you can see the scenery alongside and you can use them to explore hutongs etc. Yeah and this is just a quick overview.

So I would say overall with the subway system and the shared bikes it can cover 19 percent of your daily needs at the minimum cost. And you can use ride hailing for late nights and bad weather. And you can use the bus for adventure.

Yep. And is there any questions on the public transportation system? If not I'm going to pass on to to have some cultural tips, multiple choices, trivia. Yes.

So just one thing that I wanted to add because I see the questions coming in. To buy the metro tickets if you weren't here for our first session we went over a few apps that are very commonly used in China. One of them is called Zhufu Bao.

If you look back at the powerpoints you'll see them. We usually have a QR code within the app where you scan before you go to the metro. That's the QR code.

And it usually like just oh yeah so talked about it so that's usually tied to your bank account so there's no need to recharge it usually. And then if somehow that doesn't work and if you're like purchasing if your transit card doesn't work you can also just pay with WeChat or use cash at the station to buy a card. So no worries.

Usually you'll somehow be able to ride the metro. And is AMAP good enough? Yes. That's all I use around Beijing.

I think it's quite accurate. Yeah actually AMAP is Gaodege map. I don't know why Gaodege company creates two names for the same app but I'm sorry for the confusion inside the slides if I used them interchangeably but they're the same thing.

Yeah. And also the Schwarzman yes they're going to help you set up all the bank accounts I think. Because given like the news that I read about Schwarzman I think during orientation they'll have like everything set up for you.

Yeah and someone mentioned so many apps needed. I think the two most important apps are just WeChat and Alipay. So with Alipay you can get through all the public transportations and then with WeChat I think you can also use them for payment and for most of like the communications and for ordering food in restaurants.

Yes. And AMAP I think there is an English version of it. If you look back at the previous session I think I attached a tutorial for it.

If I didn't just go on YouTube and be like AMAP tutorial. They'll teach you everything. And SIM cards yes I think that's going to get set up during orientation as well.

I'm pretty sure I saw a picture of like SIM card people around campus trying to set up SIM cards for you guys. Yes getting a two day temporary one would be a great idea because after you land I'm not sure if they're going to pick you up from the airport or something like that. If they don't then you might need it for like getting around with AMAP and stuff.

And also I think you can get to Tsinghua University from the airport using subway system because there is an airport express and you can like take the airport express to other and then transfer to other lines to get to Tsinghua. But it might be a little bit like inconvenient. Yeah and yes getting a taxi and paying cash.

I think they accept cash. Yes and I should be in Beijing because I know orientation starts on the 25th. I don't know if everyone comes here on the same day.

But I should be in Beijing like around that time as well. So if no one's picking you guys up like you can let me know I can go to the airport and take you guys back in. Like I'm happy to do that.

So just text in WhatsApp and be like I need help. Yeah. Okay.

Great. will help us answer more questions online and I'll keep us going with the trivia and this is more interactive. So participate in the text box.

Yes. Okay. So in China what is the most common nickname for a portable phone charger? A. Juicebox B. Power baby C. Charge bunny and D. Baby duck So you can just text in the chat box if you think it's A, B, C, D like you're not graded.

It's just for fun. Okay. Yes.

So the correct answer is power baby. We call it 充电宝. And if you look at the picture you'll see this a lot.

So in China it's very convenient. You will never need to bring a charger out because there's going to be like portable chargers for rental everywhere and you can rent it like at point A and then return it at point B and it's you'll like rarely struggle to find a place to return it because it's like everywhere. And there are different brands so you just find the one that's the same brand and then you put it back in and then like it automatically deducts money from either your bank account or your WeChat Pay.

So it's very convenient. And it's called a power baby because it's called 充电 so charging 宝. So as you can see in brown I wrote 宝 there. 宝 means baby.

So usually like parents call their child like 宝宝 like baby. And funny dating culture as well like usually couples call each other 宝宝 as well so baby. So yeah.

That's our first cultural tip. So don't worry about bringing a charger around in China. It's very convenient.

Okay. Next slide please. Oh and in terms of prices it's only like 3 to 4 RMB for an hour.

So that's like the price of a metro ticket. So it's very very cheap. Alright.

Which famous Beijing site is a massive imperial palace with 9,999 rooms and was home to 24 emperors? Yeah, and honestly, from what is being sent in the chat, I don't think there's a lot of things that you can't do with WeChat and Alipay. Like I can't think of anything like that and we usually just don't use cash anymore.

So you just need a phone and you can go anywhere. Okay. Next slide please.

So yes. Good job to everyone that said B. It is the Forbidden City and I have two pictures here. So why 9,999 rooms? So the number 9 is the most auspicious number in Chinese culture because it's associated with the emperor.

It's the largest single digit number and it basically represents eternity for them and the emperor wants to like rule forever and you want him to live forever as well. Legend says the Jade emperor in heaven had 10,000 rooms in his palace. So the earthly emperor had 9,999.

So just one less to show humility to the heavens. And like if you ever get to visit the Forbidden City, which I'm pretty sure you will be able to, when you walk through the massive gates, which you can see like in the picture, there are three massive gates in the middle. You'll see like a door, like two doors that opens up and you'll see like a lot of golden doorknobs on the main doors and they're shaped like a circle with a smaller circle inside.

So it's basically like supposed to be like a beast's face and that's known as the son of the dragon. So if you touch that face it will bring you good fortune. So like if you ever go visit, make sure you like rub it a bit and it's gonna bring you good luck.

But yeah, that's about the Forbidden City. If you like the picture, that's the Forbidden City and on the left, I included this costume. It's basically a Chinese traditional costume from when the Forbidden City was still like the actual Forbidden City.
