C11 International Scholars Logistics Webinar

Hi, and I just wanted to welcome you all to to the community. And I hate to say it, but at the end of the. At the end of the five days, said, see you at the 20th.

And so it looks like from 10 years from now, there's going to be another one. Hopefully, I will not be around to work on that because it was a heavy, heavy lift for many of us. I took instead of I say to everybody that people say, oh, did it take a village? I said it took it took a country.

And so we're just excited to welcome you. It means that the the magic continues. We've got 150 of you coming next year from all over the world.

And I'm just here to welcome you into the community. And I hope to meet each and every one of you over the next year, year and a half or thereafter. And with that, I'll hand it over to the next.

So welcome. Thank you. And I just want to briefly add on to 's welcome and to say so great to see you all.

I am. I'm the director of global admissions, as you all know, and it's just such a joy to see you all in one room today and that we will be seeing you very soon at orientation. And I just want to Thank you keeping track and keeping on top of all the all the deadlines and all the steps that we're going through right now to make sure we get you enrolled at Tsinghua University.

And on the road to Beijing, which will be here very soon, orientation prep is already underway. And I was so inspired this week with and our team in Beijing just to see the evidence of this mission manifesting. You'll see lots of stories that come out in the coming days and months of stories that we gathered over the past week of this network that we're building that now transcends borders, disciplines, industries, sectors and time zones.

And it's one, as said, that you all are joining, I think, at one of the most pivotal moments of the program is we think, how do we build on this foundation? How do we take this to the next level on all fronts? And I think that what the resounding feeling that I left Beijing with a couple of days ago was in the midst of the incredibly unstable and fragile world that we're in right now with the geopolitical climate on a global scale. I left with a sense of hope and peace knowing that Schwarzman Scholars will advance global peace on a scale that will be significant for all of us. And you all are going to be a part of building that at C11.

So we're so honored and excited to welcome you to the community. I can't wait to see you at orientation. I'll be there in the forum to help you get moved in and start this incredible journey as a Schwarzman Scholar.

As a Schwarzman Scholar, as we talked about, is for 11 months as a Tsinghua graduate student at Schwarzman College, but for life as a Schwarzman Scholar. And that's really the best part of this. And we can't wait to kick that off with you.

So with that, welcome again. And Everybody.

Yes. So I am. I oversee the student life area.

And I just want to say, first of all, once again, congratulations on your achievement. If you've made it into the Schwarzman Scholars program, just a few things.

One thing I've been struck by with scholars who some of them come from amazing undergraduate experiences, say this has been the defining year of their education. I think that can be true for many of you. And really, some of you are 21, 22 years old.

You're still in college. That's how you're locking into this. Some of you are 28.

Some of you are married. Some of you have kids. It's just to realize what's different about this year is the spectrum of your peers.

And so I hope when you come here this coming year, you realize And I would say that's part of the excitement. So don't think of it just in terms of how many countries the scholars are coming from, but think about how many different experiences are coming from.

And I guess one thing I've also learned from the scholars, and at my age, I'm still learning from the scholars, is this also gives you a chance to think about what success actually means. This is a very small cohort. I would guess none of you are in a cohort in a community with this sense of intimacy.

You have 145 scholars. You're going to be eating in the dining hall together every day. Your classes are going to be in the building.

You will know the other members of your cohort in surprising ways. You'll know them very quickly. But instead of me telling you all of my insights about your class, I thought the best thing to do is for you to hear from a current member of the cohort.

And so. Hi, everybody.

First of all, congratulations. Big congratulations on making it to C11. I'm so excited for each and every one of you.

Not excited to be passing the baton and passing my room to someone else. But you know what? It's fine. I'm sure someone else will enjoy it as much as I did.

I have a lot of personal practical advice for you and then logistical advice. So I'm going to get into it. First of all, I am.

I'm from Jamaica. I went to school in Georgia and now I'm here in China. I will be here in China after graduation.

So I'm hoping to come back to Beijing a few times and see each and every one of you. So feel free to ask for my information post call. Firstly, don't worry about missing the reunion.

I know so many of you must have a big sense of FOMO right now with each and every one of us talking about it. However, let this be your first lesson of Schwarzman College. FOMO is going to be a huge thing when you come here.

So you really do have to get used to different people having different experiences from you. You can't be everywhere at once. And you guys will have your own fun.

There will be so much more attention on you now that the reunion is over with. So that's one thing to consider. Next is make expectations of yourself and not others.

As just said, many of your fellow scholars will come from different walks of life. Don't come in with preconceived notions of what it might mean to be a CEO, what it might mean to work at Microsoft, work in consulting, work in health, be a filmmaker like I was. There are so many different lifestyles and life stages that you will now encounter in a small period of time.

So just come in with as open of a mind as you possibly can. Prepare to be uncomfortable as a result of that. And next, save as much as you can before you come.

You will travel way more than you think. A lot of like free, like just spur of the moment travel plans come up at the very last minute. Be sure you're in a position to say yes.

But if you're coming and you're not in a position to say yes to everything, go back to the FOMO point I just made. Pick and choose your battles wisely, pick and choose your trips wisely, and you will be sure to have a fun time. There's always some people that stay, some people that go.

And there is the wonderful staff that I'm talking alongside right now. is laughing. He thinks I'm joking.

Next, prepare for long traffic hours. Beijing is way larger than Jamaica, for example. So please make sure that when you come, expect to be in traffic a while.

Bring a book, study Chinese, that sort of thing. Know the geography, at least of your fellow scholars. This helps a lot in not seeming presumptuous, in knowing just a little bit about where someone's country is, actually is a great way to segue into conversation with people that you didn't know.

You will depend on every person in this call at some point or the next. And so it's really important to make a good first impression. And I mean, impressions will change over time.

Who you are in the first two weeks will not be who you are in the first two weeks of each module. Everything will change so fast. But one thing won't change.

And that's your relationship that you have with the Schwarzman Scholars Program. And so I hope that you guys really take that opportunity to just bask in the glory that is Schwarzman. Last personal piece of advice is to start the Chinese readings that are recommended to you on Blackboard.

Coming into China with a better sense of just the general history, a little bit of the language, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It will help you relate more to the Chinese scholars who should not. They're not on this call right now, but I'm telling you, they will be amazing, amazing fellow leaders, fellow colleagues at some point in your lives, especially when it comes to needing things in China.

You will depend on them. So make sure you know a little bit about their culture. Make sure you know a little bit about their background.

And now I'm going to get into the practical advice, which is going to go hand in hand with 's points later on. First of all, logistical tasks, do them as soon as possible. I did not.

I was stressed up until my flight. Please do not be like me. Secondly, there will be a lot of rent-side opportunities.

I'm sure we'll talk about that soon. But if you're into consulting, health, fintech, things like that, make sure you're monitoring rent-side for good opportunities to meet alums or just different training programs. Next, lingo bus, please do it.

Not everybody will have a good grasp of Chinese, but it is an excellent introduction. And for the people that do have good grasps on languages, you will jump way farther, way quicker if you do a lingo bus before you come. In terms of the flights, I know and will talk a little bit about that.

There are always a lot of scholars flying through NYC. So regardless of where in the world you are, if you want some company and you are the only person from your country, consider flying through New York. There are amazing opportunities to bond with scholars before you even get to the college.

So that is one of the things you should think about. Lastly, they'll give you a packing list. First of all, I need you to know China has toothpaste.

Don't bring five to six boxes of toothpaste here. Don't pack up your suitcases with unnecessary things that you can definitely find in China. I see people laughing.

You'd be surprised how many people come with a suitcase full of deodorant and toothpaste. So just keep this in mind. They're accessible.

But bring more allergy meds than you think. It's the end of spring right now. Everybody's sneezing.

Everybody wishes that they had more vitamin C, more allergy meds, more Claritin, more. So just come with whatever you can in terms of that. Pack more than you need.

And lastly, I know that there aren't any Jamaicans in this program, and I'm sorry about that. But guess what? I will be in China and I hope to come and visit you guys as much as possible. So I will I will substitute the lack of Jamaicans, if you will.

So if you guys ever want to talk, if you ever need anything, please let me know. I'll come by the college as much as I can. And yeah, happy to pass it on.

Bye. Good luck. Thank you,.

I just want to give you a sense like that. I asked to be on this call a few hours ago and she jumped at the chance just to give a chance to welcome C-11. That's what you can expect from the alum who coming in the years ahead of you.

The other thing that alluded to, everyone else in this call you're going to hear from when is about to talk next,,,, and, you will know all of them personally within a matter of weeks. So these are not abstract people. These are not administrators who kind of back office doing paperwork.

These are all very front facing people. And so really what you're doing now, it's your first introduction to meet them and beginning that relationship with them. So, just one quick question. I don't know what happened to me. My box went black, but it's probably just as well that you guys can't see me.

I'm trying to fix it, but I'm technologically challenged, as everybody on the team knows. Just wondering if could tell briefly, she said she's staying in China just for a little bit of a tease. What is she doing in China? Happy to.

Thank you. I will preface this by saying this is a small community. Everyone will know what you're going to do next in a matter of days.

So if you if you come in as a private person, maybe rethink that. But I will be moving to Shenzhen to do marketing at a smart glasses company. I'm starting out as an intern right now, going from May to June and then from July for the next foreseeable future.

I will be in China and Shenzhen, which I really wanted to do, because one, I wanted to work in a Chinese company where I could use the Chinese that I learned during Schwarzman. But I also really wanted to be able to bridge cultures and bridge communication gaps between the West and China, which is where a majority of my clients will be. So, yeah, happy to host when you guys come to China, come to Shenzhen.

But yeah, that's that's a little bit about what's coming next. I sniff a deep dive, just one tiny example that I'm sure, you know, didn't select for this reason of someone who got their dream, came and wanted to stay in China, which is not easy if you're not, you know, don't have a Chinese passport, given what's going on in the world. So kudos to you,.

Congratulations and good luck. Thank you,. Awesome.

All right,, take it away. All right. Hi, everyone.

I'm really excited to meet all of you. My name's. Let me actually let me start sharing my screen first.

My name's. I'm the associate director of student services, responsible for visa registration and some activities here at Tsinghua. So actually,

So like for today, the logistical pieces I'm going to introduce include visa overview, stipend, WeChat and some reminders. And some of my colleagues, here and other colleagues will be also covering like inbound travel, house insurance and also lingo bus as well. But like before I get started, I just want to like emphasize that like all these logistical preparation take efforts from you.

So like there are quite a few steps involved and it's super important for you to like follow the instructions, read all these documents and to take actions as soon as you can in a timely manner. That being said, I hope you all have a chance to review the documents we posted on Blackboard. So if you haven't done like, please do so as soon as possible, because the Blackboard serves as our central centralized information hub, not only for your pre-arrival stage, but also for your entire academic year.

So like our student life team, academic team, IT team, we all post the policies and updates there. So if you have read the documents I posted there, I think like you should be able to understand my section relatively easily. So like the visa you need to apply in order to come to China is the X-1 visa, X-1 学习签证.

So it's valid for 30 days after you enter China and usually it's a single entry visa. And you must convert it to the residence permit within 30 days after you enter China. So the residence permit serves as a multi-entry visa and valid until the end of the academic year.

So for example, if you come in this August, then your residence permit should be valid until the next July. And the process of converting your X-1 visa to the residence permit can only start after you arrive in the college on the official arrival day, because this process requires documents from both Tsinghua University and also the Beijing Medical Exam Center. So it's really critical that you don't come too early, otherwise you will face the risk of overstaying your visa.

And also the entire process will take about four to five weeks. And during this process, you will not have access to a passport. And we received some questions asking whether you will be able to travel in early September, mid-September or late September.

I'm not sure for late September, but definitely not early or mid-September, because your passport will be with the Beijing Exit and Entry Bureau for this process. All right, so in order to begin your X-1 visa application process, you will need to obtain two documents from Tsinghua. One is the Tsinghua Admission Notice, and the other one is the JW-202 form.

So you all remember you have submitted your application on Tsinghua Admission Portal, and your application is currently being reviewed by Tsinghua University, like by multiple offices. And you will be able to access the Tsinghua Admission Notice and JW-202 form after your application is approved by all these departments. And during the process, you will receive a notice from the system in your IC email asking for supporting documents or even asking for revision.
