So please take action as soon as you can once you receive the notice. And also, you will be asked to upload your CSCSE degree verification certificate at some point. You are all currently working with our degree verification team to get your undergrad diploma certified.

And so at some point, you will receive the certification, and you can just upload it once the system asks. So yeah, so the entire process is supposed to conclude in June or July, depending on your individual progress. And if you have not graduated, just make sure you stay connected with our degree verification team and initiate this process immediately upon receiving your diploma.

Okay, so while we are in the review process of your Tsinghua Admission Portal, what you can do now actually is to start your research. Just to identify the Chinese embassy or consulate that you can submit your visa application, and to check with them on how long usually it takes for them to issue the Chinese visa, and also to confirm with them on whether the scanned copy of the Tsinghua admission notice is acceptable. Because starting from two years ago, a lot of Chinese embassies or consulates started accepting the electronic copy instead of the physical copy, and that will save a lot of time for you.

And once the JW202 form and Tsinghua admission notice become available in June or July in your Tsinghua Admission Portal, you can just download them and start your visa application. And we will have several drop-in office hours to answer your questions based on the experience and lessons we learned from previous cohorts. But ultimately, it will be you who will be responsible for navigating the visa application process for yourself.

You can either do on your own, or you can work with a visa agent to do your visa application. And again, you will not have the access to a passport during this process, so you may want to plan your summer accordingly as well. And once you have your passport with Chinese visa, and also your flight booked to Beijing, we look forward to welcoming you to college.

And we will send another survey around June to collect some visa-related information, such as through which embassy you will submit your visa application, and whether you need a physical copy to be mailed to you, so that we can just assist whenever there's an emergency. All right, so next, let's talk about money. So all of our scholars will receive stipends just to offset some daily living costs during your time in Beijing.

Compared with previous years, we increased the stipend to $5,500 to also cover more aspects. That includes your excellent visa application expenses and expenses during your inbound and outbound travel, as well as several deep dive-related activities. So once you arrive in the college during the orientation, you will set up your Bank of China bank account, and then the stipend will be divided into two payments to be deposited in your Bank of China account in RMB.

All right, last but not least, WeChat. It's really difficult to function in China without WeChat. However, it's not essential, and it's not in a rush to set up a WeChat prior to your arrival.

Because of the WeChat security settings and restrictions, some of you may be able to register a WeChat account now, and many of you may not be able to register a WeChat account. But you don't have to be worried, because the SC email is the only official channel we make communication to the cohort. So after you arrive in the college, you will be able to purchase a Chinese SIM card, and it will be a lot easier to register with a Chinese phone number for your WeChat, and you will be able to join our official C11 WeChat group.

And we will start sending a lot of messages during the orientation and after that. But if you happen to have a WeChat account, there will be a QR code on Blackboard, so you can just start joining the group now, but the group will be pretty much quiet until orientation. All right, last, I just want to reiterate several reminders.

Please do check your SC email regularly, at least once a week. There will be reminders, updates, and actions. Please take action as soon as you see it.

And also, please check Blackboard regularly. We will post more documents as we're getting closer to the new semester. And also, if you would like to apply for a loaner laptop, you can check the email that's sent by IT in March on how to do it, how to activate your account for the college platform, and you can request your loaner laptop in the OA system there.

And also, if you indicated in the logistic survey that you would like us to create a Chinese name for you, you will receive it in early May. Make sure you check your beautiful Chinese name created by our Chinese teachers and confirm your Chinese name there. Yeah, and again, you will have lots of opportunities to explore China, so don't have to be rushed.

And also, you will receive more updates regarding the residence permit progress. So you don't please just hold off booking any travel for the national holiday, which is the first long holiday after your arrival from October 1st to the 7th. All right.

I think that's all from me. I will pass to my colleague,. Hi, good morning, everyone.

My name is. I am not part of the Beijing team. I am strictly inbound.

So my only goal and purpose is to get you to Beijing. That is the my only KPI. So I monitor degree verification and also your inbound student travel.

Again, goal is to get you there legally, lawfully, with fidelity to the policies set in place. So you'll be hearing from me. I do.

I am monitoring degree verification. I know you're working with LogicLink, but just to let you know, I'm in the background and I'm making sure that everything is going through smoothly. And then with student travel inbound to Beijing, you'll be hearing a lot more from me in the next coming weeks.

So the timeline is at the end of May, you'll be sent a survey and that will just get all your details and your information about where you're departing from, gathering all your data in June or July after after you. And then that's the visa part of it. already talked about, but you'll be working on your visa during those times as well.

In June, we begin to source the flights based off the travel survey with our travel partner. Myself, I'm based in California in the United States. Our travel partner will also be based in North America, mostly.

I'm still working on the logistics of that. So just be mindful of the time zone. You know, we are here.

We respond as quickly as we possibly can, but there will be a time zone difference based on wherever your location is. And in July, August, tickets are purchased. And and just and just for a note, that degree verification certificate is required before you can receive your visa papers, which then can only be which then we can only book your ticket then.

So in the case of students, I know there's a lot of students who are still waiting for that diploma. What we do is we reserve your flight. We I'm still working with you in tandem of making sure your flight is.

And then once degree certification, once I'm sorry, once your degree verification comes through, it's approved. Then we just and book that ticket for you. So that's all happening in tandem, especially for scholars who have not yet gotten their degree verification.

OK, go to the next. Yes. So the departure date, as mentioned, as mentioned that you can't enter the college until the first day.

So our departure date is aligned so that you arrive on that mandatory start date or as close to the start date as possible. There's occasionally a few flights that can't land on that day. So so we may we try to get you in as close to that date as possible.

Early arrivals is highly discouraged. And a lot of There's a timing as a specific timing that is ideal.

And so arriving too early can really affect that. So it's discouraged for you to arrive early. If you're going to arrive early and you're going to arrive or your plans to that ticket will not be covered by Schwarzman scholars.

So that would be a ticket that you would be purchasing out of pocket on your own. If you are planning to travel with Schwarzman scholars, it will be the date that is set. And.

Yes. OK. Mention that about the over about the resident permit conversion and additional fees.

So the ticket that we booked for you is basic economy level. And that looks really different on different airlines. And in terms of like what's included with that and not.

So that's why. So we just purchased the basic economy ticket. Any additions to the ticket will be at your own expense.

That's also a reason why the stipend is there to help you offset those costs. One of the biggest purchases will be carry. I'm sorry, your checked luggage.

A. or or or London wherever before the flight to Beijing. So, for example, I just have that example there, that domestic piece. I just need a little rock to New York.

Domestic flights may be charging for your fees. And then once you get to New York and you switch to the connecting line, you may get one of those. You know, if you bring two bags, you may pay that domestic.

