21:00

And then the closest one is called the art park, Zhongguancun Art Park, Darongcheng. It's actually one of the newest malls, uhm, in Beijing.

21:10

I think it was, like, just built and opened, like, last year or something, I forgot. But yeah, it's very, so it's very modern, it's very Gen Z, it's got a lot of influencers going there, but there are still a lot of food varieties, and I wouldn't say the price is, like, overpriced.

21:26

So it's only, it's only a 10-minute bike ride from Tsinghua, and I've been there during my internship at Tsinghua, and it's actually really nice.

21:34

So I think we can all go sometime during our Schwarzman Scholars journey. And then the last one is the Haidian Dayuecheng, it's, actually, the furthest one.

21:44

I don't think we would regularly go, because it's about a 30-minute drive. Um, but it's very chill, it's very convenient.

21:52

So, it's got basic shopping features, but definitely not as big as this, and maybe not as many people. food as this.

22:00

So, like, maybe we wouldn't go there a lot. But yeah, these are the three most popular ones, and the, here are the pictures of them.

22:06

So, this was the first one that I presented, the, like, all-inclusive, everything's there, biggest one. Um,

22:15

And But all the malls in China are, like, very big, they've, it's got a lot of variety, so you've definitely got a lot of options to explore.

22:27

Okay, and then, because I had an internship, um, at, uh, Tsinghua last year, I was able to sort of, like, walk around and discover, uh, like, a lot of the restaurants nearby, and here are the ones that I would personally recommend, that's, like, very close to campus, that, like, I've sort of tried, um

22:47, You know, the first one is 's, so it's one of the safer bets when you're craving Western food, so think pasta, pizza, salad, brunch,

23:00

Yeah, and then And for Japanese food, a lot of students like, I like to go to Shuangma Canteen, which is right next door to this one, which is the Korean food, um, their tonkotsu, as you can see here, is, like, especially popular.

23:14

And then for the Luoyuan Night Market, it's a good place if you're craving Korean food, Korean food is actually incredibly popular.

23:19

It's incredibly popular for students at Tsinghua, so you'll find, like, a lot of options around. I think this one has, like, two other Korean food sto- stops nearby.

23:28

So this is a great place for group meals, a dinner with, like, soju and alcohol, and, like, post-class hangouts. And all of these restaurants are within biking range, um, from Tsinghua University, so they're very convenient.

23:42

Okay, and then if you want the Chinese- the classic Chinese barbecue experience, you can go to Liuye Dao Shaokao. And

23:55

And it tastes really good as well. And the skewer hotpot is also another, like, classic Chinese food. Um, basically, you pick your own ingredients, you pick what you like to eat, you throw them in a basket, and they cook everything in, like, a spicy soup base for you.

24:11

And then you can add, like, whatever toppings or sauce you like in the end. So it's, like, something between a hotpot and build-your-own noodle bowl.

24:20

But it's one of the most affordable options. It's usually very, very cheap. So it's a great place to go if you want fast and affordable food.

24:28

And then, Quanjude, since you're in Beijing, you'd want to try the Beijing Duck. And Quanjude is one of the most famous duck restaurants in China.

24:37

Uhm, there's also one of them, but Ai Tsinghua, but I didn't go to that one, so I'm not sure if it tastes good, but it should taste good because it's Quanjude.

24:46

So yeah, it's like a sliced table side wrapped in thin pancakes and eaten with sauce and vegetables. The duck. So yeah, so these are the six restaurants that I'd recommend.

24:56

And that's, um, within the range of, like, Haidian District and very close to Tsinghua. When we post the PowerPoints, um, if you want to, like, after you actually land in Beijing, if you want to visit them, you can contact one of us and we can go with you.

25:10

Okay, um. You can copy and paste this, the names into AMAP and then it'll direct you to the restaurant. So, yeah, it should be useful.

25:21

Okay, so now we're gonna get a bit more interactive. I see that people have been sending, uh, questions in chat.

25:28

And a lot of them we'll address during the Q&A session as well, so don't worry if your question is not answered yet.

25:34

And now we're gonna be more interactive. We have some multiple choice questions for you. Take a guess, and then I'll reveal the answers later.

25:44

Okay, everyone have an answer? Yeah, send it in the chat box.

25:56

Great. Okay, everyone is correct, but like- Incorrect at the same time, because what I have is C. So, yes, you should definitely carry a passport, um, with you, as a foreigner.

26:10

But, like, usually, like, people won't ask- really ask for it. Unless, like, I don't know, you're, like, caught by a cop.

26:16

Or something, like, I wouldn't know, like, when you need a passport, unless you're traveling. But tissues, toilet paper, is what you always need to carry with you.

26:26

And why that is, is because, um, public bathrooms, especially in the older forms, malls, or like, subway stations, tourist areas, they might not provide toilet paper, and they usually don't provide toilet paper.

26:40

So Chinese people are, like, always carrying, like, a small pack of tissue papers in their bags or something, and it's really easy to buy, like, toilet paper around the streets as well, because you always need them.

26:51

So, yeah, you want to bring them around all the time. And there might be small QR codes that you can send outside of the public bathrooms to get some free toilet paper by watching an ad, but I still recommend you to, like, bring your own.

27:06

So, like, as soon as you land in Beijing, have, like, a small pack of paper prepared, because you don't know if they offer them at the airports.

27:14

They should offer them at the airports in Beijing, but, like, I don't know, um, during your taxi ride, if you want to stop by.

27:20

a restaurant or something, they might not have that there. And another thing is, uh, a lot of the bathroom in China has a squat toilet, and I don't think that's existed anywhere else, but China, like, um, was my experience.

27:36

So You basically just squat, and then you do your thing there.

27:46

Um, yeah, and you should bring, like, tissues and hand sanitizer if you, like, want to have the best experience. And, yeah, I think you- you'll figure how to use this bathroom out by yourself, but please be prepared that most bathrooms would be a squat toilet, and rarely they might have, like, a regular

28:08

toilet as well. That is one of the options in one of the stalls. The next - if you can't get used to this, try and look for it, because it might be, like, in one of the stalls.

28:17

But, yeah. Uhm, okay, and then the next question. A Chinese person asked, have you eaten? Which is, 你吃了吗? 你吃了吗?

28:29

What are they most likely doing? Yeah, good job everyone. It is C. They're most likely starting a friendly conversation or checking in on you.

28:52

Um, food is actually such a big part of Chinese culture. That historically, asking whether someone has eaten became a way of showing care and friendliness.

29:02

Um, it's, it basically means, how are you, right? Then, like, another literal question of whether you, like, actually had a meal or not.

29:10

Um, to answer, you usually simply say, 我吃过了, which means, I've eaten. Or, 还没呢, which means, not yet. I think you'll learn this in your lingo bus.

29:23

Courses, hopefully, or like, after you arrive in Schwarzman. But, yeah, a lot of people might ask you, oh, 你吃了吗? Have you eaten?

29:31

Then you just say, oh, I've eaten or not yet. And, um, one thing you'll notice in China is that a lot of, if expressions of care revolve around food.

29:42

We have this term called 明以食为天, which directly translates to citizens see food as the sky. So basically, food is like the god, the priority for the citizens.

29:55

So based on this concept, people ask, have you eaten? Did you have lunch? To actually, like, care for you. Yeah, that's like a quick cultural tip.

30:08

Okay, which of these is normal? Oh yeah, and Thank you the phrase that I just talked about in the text.

30:27

Okay, yeee. I'm just gonna wait for a couple more answers just so that, if people are still thinking about it.

30:44

Okay, great. And you're correct if you answered D. And, okay, we'll just go through the options one by one.

30:58

So, A. Restaurants, automatically serve hot water or tea as you enter. So, yes, that's true. In many restaurants, especially the very traditional Chinese-style ones, you'll be served hot water or tea automatically before you've eaten even ordered.

31:13

And this surprises a lot of international students because you usually get served ice water, like, especially around North America. However, Chinese people believe that hot water can solve a lot of health problems and that it is fundamentally good for you and that ice water could be especially problematic

31:32

for girls for their periods and such like that, so yeah, everyone basically just drinks hot water and, like, the Chinese aunties would be like, oh, don't drink cold water, it's not good for you, no matter if you're, like, a guy or a girl.

31:46

But yeah, of course you can still ask for ice water. At most restaurants, and they should be able to provide it for you.

31:53

Okay, and now, uh, for option B, China's delivery and logistics systems are, like, very incredible. You have options where you, if you like something, by the next day you click that button.

32:04

And it will be here before the next day. And sometimes, like, you order it during the morning, and then the package arrives by the afternoon.

32:12

Especially because we're at Beijing, and, like, that's where most, like, stores are located at, so packages will arrive within hours, so it's very convenient.

32:21

Okay, and for option C, many restaurants usually won't give you a physical menu anymore, they will have, like, a QR code taped to your table or something like that, and you scan the QR code, and then you just click add, add, add, and then submit order.

32:37

Although sometimes you don't, like, even need to talk to a server at all, which I think is good news for many of you that doesn't speak Chinese.

32:43

Um, usually you just, like, and they have pictures too, so you don't want, you wouldn't need to, like, know what it says on, um, the screen.

32:52

And you can also download it. You can like, a translator, like, a screen translator app to your screen, I think that exists, where you can also see the Chinese translations.

33:00

Oh, the English translations, sorry. So

33:09

Okay, uh, I think So you're on Beijing subway during rush hour, which is usually, like, 7-9am in the morning, and like, 6-9pm in the evenings, correctly?

33:26

I don't I'm wrong or anything, but like, it's around that time. Someone's standing very close to you, like, oh, too close, like, you're touching me, kind of thing.

33:33

This usually means, Okay, we're getting some variety here. There's D, there's C. Yes, so personal space, space norms, very different and, um, crowded cities.

33:56

Especially during rush hour, And that's how, like, it looked like when I was in Beijing last summer as well.

34:02

It gets very, very crowded. If you take a DD, which means, like, if you take an Uber, it's very different.

34:08

But you might also be stuck in traffic for hours. So a lot of people choose to take the subways. But you might get screwed.

34:16

And, like, that's normal. And don't take it as if someone's trying to, like, uh, but, like, of course, they're, like, actually, if they're touching you and stuff like that, that's weird.

34:26

But, yeah, Uhm, Beijing rush hour is very intense. So, personally, I don't I'd avoid going out during rush hour, especially, like, to further places, because either you're, like, stuck in traffic for a lot of hours or you're, like, squished.

34:39

And funny thing that happened was during rush hour, you know how there are, like, a lot of shared bikes in Beijing?

34:44

We'll talk about that in future sessions as well. Uhm, where you can bike around very easily, and then you can just drop, stop by the side, and then drop the bike, and then, like, you can go wherever you want.

34:54

There was, like, a bike traffic as well, where, like, I couldn't bike, because there were so many bikes that people were just, like, walking with their bikes, because it was so much intense.

35:04

But, yeah, be mentally prepared for that. Okay, and I think this

35:09

should be- Oh, something else about the rush, like, the rush hour on Subway is just because, like, I'm currently doing an internship in Beijing, and I take, like, Subway every day.

35:19

And something else that I noticed is that, like, during the rush hours, there's kind of, like, this unspoken norm that if you are, like, getting out of the Subway for, like, the next stop, then, like, you need to, like, get to the door, like, before that time, so that people know like, you are getting

35:36

out of the, uhm, like, getting out of the Subway for the next stop, because, like, what if, like, you try to get out when the bus, when the Subway actually arrives at the next set, at the next station, what will likely happen is that you might not be able to to get out, and, yeah, so just, like, kind

35:54

of, like, prepare early to, like, for your next stop. Yeah, I find that useful.

35:59

Just to add to 's comment, and people will not, like, wait for you to get off the Subway first before they get on, like, as soon as they door opens, people will, like, rush in, so you're gonna have to, like, push around and be, like, let me get out, and that's, like, normal.

36:14

That's what happens, um, on the Chinese Subways during rush hour, so be prepared for that. You're gonna have to push a lot, and, like, and, yeah, if you have food packed in your bags, it's gonna be, like, flat by the time you get out during rush hour.

36:28

That's what happened to me when I had, like, a Chinese bun, and it was, like, flat when I got out.

36:35

Okay, next question. Which of these might you unexpectedly see in the Beijing subway? And while you choose, I have another thing to add for the Beijing subway.

36:49

The next, like, not on rush hour, it's totally chill, like, there's not a lot of people. And for the subways, especially, like, useful during the summer is, they have different, you know how it's, like, connected cabin by cabin?

37:00

And each cabin has, like, a different level of, uh, AC on it, so you can see, like, a figure taped to the subway stop when you're waiting to change.

37:09

You can choose, like, if you want to be on the colder cab- in the colder cabins or, like, the less cold cabins.

37:15

And it works the same way around. During the winter, when you have 暖气, which is the centralized heating, if you want to be in the hotter cabins or the colder cabins, like, less hot cabins.

37:31

Okay, yes, and good job for choosing D. So, all of the above is correct. Uhm, for, uh, for option A, people might say, they might stare at you out of curiosity, especially if you look, like, visibly foreign, especially by older people, children, or people who don't regularly interact as foreigners.

37:54

Most of the time, it's just out of curiosity, not trying to, like, um, humiliate you or anything like that. So, yeah, when you're in China, you're, like, the main character.

38:03

Yay, everyone looks at you. Okay, but don't mind. Um, some of them might approach you and be like, oh, can we take a photo together?

38:11

It's totally fine to reject them if you're, like, not, um, comfortable with it. Just say, like, oh, I don't know if you learned this yet, but bula bula means, like, no, it's okay, no.

38:21

bula. Yeah, I think you'll learn that soon. It's, like, very basic Chinese. Okay, and then B, men walking around shirtless, just like this picture.

38:30

It's, um, a classic Chinese summer phenomenon, when it gets really hot, like, you may occasionally see older men, especially, like, the uncles, walking around with their shirts pulled up, or, like, completely off.

38:41

Um, it's less of a phenomenon than it used to be, especially, like, in Central Beijing, or, like, around campus, of course, but if you see it, just know that it's, like, very, it's very common around China.

38:54

Okay, and loud restaurants that sound like arguments. It's one of my favorite culture shocks. So, you might walk in a restaurant, I'm ready.

39:02

And think, oh, wow, someone's definitely fighting. No, they're just ordering dinner or just having fun. Because Chinese restaurants, especially, like, the ones that are not in malls, that's on the street side.

39:15
