[00:00] Still waiting for people to kind of file in, but as we know, our community comes from a diverse number of countries, and that people are traveling around and living in diverse places. So I'm curious, where was the last place that you visited outside your home country? Just and put that in the chat. We'll see where people are, or where where they have been, I should say, recently. Singapore never been. I'm looking forward. Lisbon also never been. Amsterdam, wonderful. Namibia, Montreal, Paris, Nepal, Malaysia, Morocco, Shanghai, Guangzhou. Big traffic. Last place visit was Brussels. Going to Nairobi next week. I think we have Schwarzman alums doing a a trek in in Kenya as we speak. Where else? Dominican Republic, Hangzhou, Indonesia, Korea. People been traveling to lots and lots of places. Astana Kazakhstan. Now we have at least two graduates from the recent corps will be having worked in Kazakhstan, Qatar, Turkey, Turkey. Another place I need to go. Okay, as I think we're up to about 60, so we'll and get started. Ask that question about where have you been recently? Because this webinar is a lot about where you're about to go. And again, we are so excited to welcome you all to Schwarzman College. But just before we left for for summer break, you know we're all talking with Chinese teachers, with the academic team, with other teams in the college, and we're just also looking forward to C 11. And so the next big step, though, is getting you on a plane to China. 
[01:55] All right. Good morning. Good evening. Good afternoon, wherever you are. It's morning for me. I'm on East Coast time in the United States. I am here just to and let you know about your flight to Beijing and just a couple of points I want to just address with the entire group. Many of you have already we've already started the process. Thank you who's gone ahead and registered for those international flights. Registration was to be completed July one. I know there's a few people I'm emailing with. I'm not shutting it down. If things change, not a problem. We will get you registered for an international flight. I totally understand that plans change. So if anything, just reach out to me, and we'll we'll you know, I'll walk you through, you know, the process. Flight booking. So we've partnered with Chase Travel in order to book your inbound flight to Beijing. The reservation agents will start to contact starting next week. So I'm working with them this week. We're going through the list, and then next week it's on a rolling basis, so not everyone's going to be contacted at the exact same time. And it's also going to be those who've kind of completed the entire process. So for those of you who are still going through some degree verification, I'm also working with you on that side too. No worries. We know who you are. We've got you covered. We're going to get through this and get you that flight to Beijing. The important thing is, is when that reservation agent reaches out to you, they're going to, based off the registration information, they're going to offer you. They're going to give you a flight itinerary. It's not the booking yet. It's just a. I just need you to really be looking at your emails and and review those flight details. Make sure that the airport's checked. Make sure that you can get to the airport on time based off wherever you are, and then you can liaise with them, give any of your feedback. But within 48 hours, please be responding to them so that you can have that back and forth. If everything is great, and say yes, and then they'll work on that flight to book the ticket for you, and then you'll be ready to go. A few things that have just you know that just from previous experiences that I've you know gotten better at a lot of these international flights, especially coming from U.S. carriers, are only going to allow you one checked bag, and that's at 23 kilograms is the standard. So I just want you to be prepared for that, and then kind of pre-plan in advance. So the additional, you know, just kind of budgeting if you wanted to. Bring a second bag along. United is about $100 so you know, just I like to give a little extra cushion and maybe just budget yourself, you know, a little additional if you want to bring extra bags along. And This is a year from now, but you're also going to want to budget what you want to bring back or wherever you end up with at the end of the program. So just be thinking about budgeting for that flight coming back, going leaving Beijing to wherever you end up. There's also, you know, if it works out, and you wanted to also. I put the what's called a change date fee, and I know I'm talking about in the future, but trust me, you want a budget change date fee. Is you know we're going to book you the flight for the when the program ends, but there's a little bit of time sometimes, or you get to you can maybe leave you know a few days later. There's always going to be a change date fee, a change fee for changing the date of your program that is not covered.

[06:07] That's at your expense, so you want to kind of be thinking about, you know, if you were like, I'm gonna, you know, I'm maybe gonna stay a week after, you know, for whatever reasons, that there will be a fee associated with that too. So I just put that on there, just as kind of like a front load to be thinking about these things as you are preparing to leave for Beijing. And there is a a a program stipend that will be available to you, so that you can also use that in when you're framing that about your budgeting as well. If you are traveling on your own to Beijing from an international destination, do not enter the country before August 21. I think this has been reiterated many times. I will reiterate it again. Do not enter before August 21 because So be mindful of that. Again, I'm available for any questions. Just drop me an email. I'm located on Pacific Standard Time in the U.S. so just give me some time to respond. But I'm monitoring my emails carefully and want to make sure that your answers are your questions are all answered. That's it for international and then domestic. Just please look at the travel policy carefully. There's guidelines on on also you know what it you know how to get reimbursed for your domestic travel. So again, reach out if you have any questions. Thanks. That's it for me., 

[07:45] Hello, everyone. Good to see you all again. It is a delight to be sharing space with you as we prepare for your arrival to China. I'm actually joining the webinar from a very, very hot Madrid, Spain right now. It's very hot in Europe, and from my understanding, have not lived yet through a Beijing summer, but I understand that it's quite hot as well. So when you land there, prepare for a substantial amount of heat when we get there. So during our time, during my time right now, I'm gonna chat with you guys about what you can expect in terms of living in the building, what that will look like, your room, the dining facilities, how to request accommodations, and a couple other things. But I want to make sure you guys know that you can always reach out directly if you have questions or you want to chat one on one. Happy to be available as you need in terms of arrival. Your arrival for Beijing. So, as you guys may know at this point, all scholars will live in a single room, private bathroom dynamic at the college, which is great. It will allow for for it allows for great space to store things and everything you need. And if you have not yet, we do offer virtual tours of your rooms on the Schwarzman College website. So if you have some spare time, please go check that out. So you know what you can expect when you get there. You can you can plan your packing around that. Make sure you don't bring too much, but there is a really really handy guided tour of the of the room available on the Schwarzman College website. Our on campus dining. So we have two options: the the regular dining hall and or the club, which is our basement dining option, includes a range of international and Chinese meals, right? So it really adapts well to a wide range of cuisines and anything you might need. And will be open most of the days you stay at the college. There are some days when there's a vacation or when most of you are not there that they may have limited hours or may not open. But for most of the days that you are at the college, you will be able to eat at any of these these options. Please keep in mind that all of the food options are labeled. So you'll see. When you get to the college, you'll see little labels next to each meal, and you'll see what goes into it, highlighting elements that you would routinely find that would alert you if there's any any risk for allergies for those that have allergies. I want to note that it is difficult to accommodate halal meals in China. However, we may be able to do so, and we're happy to chat offline through what those look like for you. As long as our suppliers can remain consistent, which is not always something we can control, so keep that in mind. Even though we have the intentionality, we may not be able to control suppliers, and so that might be complicated to to do. Finding gluten-free options is usually possible. So again, keep that in mind for for for when you're in China, and unfortunately, accommodating kosher is not an option in the dining hall. Okay, so when you get to the college, and this will all make sense once you enter the building for the first time, you will enter and exit through the front door of the college, where we have 24/7 staff on duty, right? They are amazing. They are incredibly friendly. They will get to know you. You will get to know them, and they will be that that friendly face, that smile that will greet you every time you enter the hall, the the college. And as a scholar, keep in mind that you must tap in and out of the building every time you're here, right? So something to share in advance. We do have public in in most public areas. We do have video cameras for our safety. However, keep in mind that residential floors do not have video cameras, so there's there's that's good there. But for public areas, we do have that.

[11:36] Now, I'd love if you guys can keep this in mind in terms of visitors. Right, I'm sure that many of you will have visitors come to the college, whether that's folks that live in China already, or maybe family members or friends that want to visit you while you're in Beijing. Please keep these these following standards in mind. We'll go over in far more detail the orientation, so I don't want necessarily to worry at this juncture. But I do want you to keep this in mind for when you arrive on August 25th. We do welcome guests on moving day, August 25th. So if you travel with family or friends and they want to help you, that's fine. We can we do allow that. That's that's appropriate to do. However, keep in mind that after the 25th, so from the 26th through September 12th, we do not allow guests. The reason is that we want to encourage you guys to focus on orientation and getting to know China, getting to know the college, getting to know each other. Right, that's really really important, and Right, so that's why we are not allowing guests during that period. However, throughout the school year, we do allow guests. You must check them in and out of the building as you are responsible for them when they are at the college, and they are not allowed. They are not allowed to visit residential floors except when we communicate in advance that they're able to do so. Okay, and now keep in mind that this might be different depending on where you were at the school or where you came from before, but all all guests must be checked out of the of the college by 1030 p.m. each night. This is a policy that we support with, and so keep this in mind as you as we invite guests in the the college by 1030 p.m. They must be checked out of the building. Okay, so as a student life team, we welcome requests for academic and non-academic accommodation requests. These are perhaps additional support that you need to thrive while you're at the college here in Beijing. And I want to make very clear that needing support. Oh, sorry about that. Needing support is never viewed as an inconvenience. I encourage you to reach out, chat with me and the team about what you need, how we can help you thrive while you're here, and so I'll happy. I'll walk you through the process now, but please feel free to reach out to me directly if you have questions about requesting both an academic and non-academic accommodation request. So to start things off, you will submit a request in writing to the student life email, you must be very familiar with this email by this point because we send you a handful of things at this juncture, right? So please send a written request to that email, and then it will be distributed to me, and I will then engage you in conversation and dialog. So a couple forms you have to fill in, and we'll get the process started right there, right? I do want to highlight: please submit this as soon as possible. Do not wait until you're here to do this. It gets increasingly complicated to make sure we have your accumulations in place if you submit them when you're already here. So I strongly recommend if you came from a university or an assistant where you already had accumulations, and send us a note. We'll be happy to get that process started for you and make sure that you have the support you need while you when you land in Note that we review all requests on an individual basis, and the appropriate college staff will review it. Right. So, what do I mean by that? I mean, if you submit an accommodation request, we will engage the associate dean of academics in reviewing this request, and it will be reviewed and approved. By that by that role, if you submit a dining request, right, that will be reviewed by itself in coordination with our dining vendors, right. So depending on the type of accommodation, we will engage the right stakeholder to review it, right.

[15:12] And other thing to keep in mind is that we will make every effort to support your your accommodation needs. However, just knowing the context of of where the university is and some of the rules that we have, we may not be able to to support all accommodations if they're not feasible. However, we will work with you to explore alternative options and make sure that again you have the support you need when you're in China. So again, at the very least, if you have something that you know you need support with, reach out and we'll be happy to start this process for you. Now I'm getting really excited to welcome you all to the college, and that will happen in seven weeks. I think if my math is right, and I know that some of you, there's any Type A people out there like me, you may have already started thinking about how and what you're gonna pack, right? So a few reminders that we've shared in previous webinars and in previous communication with you, the full recommended packing list is available on Blackboard right now. But a few things that I want to make sure that you guys do not forget: prescription medications and the original prescription should be packed in your carry-on. Right, a cell phone that can support a physical SIM card, right? We've chatted in the past that even though you obtain an eSIM, those will not come with a phone number, and you will need a phone number for visa registration for many many things in China. You will need a phone number. I recently discovered how to work with many of the bikes that are around the city. It's fantastic. I love getting around Beijing in a bike. It's the most bike-friendly city I've lived in a in a while. And you will need a phone number to do that, right? And verify your account, right? So make sure you bring a cell phone that can support a physical SIM card to to China. Your original diploma will be needed, so make sure you you pack that and your admission notice. If you requested one in a physical format, you will need to pack that with you in your carrier. Now we'll be sharing lots of information, right, from your time from now until you get here, and I want to make sure that you have the most appropriate platforms to get this information, right? So Tsinghua portal and Tsinghua New student instructors are provided via there, but also any emails that we send from our side, from our academic partners, we work very closely, candidly with them to deliver a very positive, seamless experience. Right? Please be mindful of your of your emails and and all the platforms that you already have, so that we can make sure we get you ready to arrive in China.
