[17:42] All right, Thank you,. Hi, everyone. It's great to see many of you again. Again, I am. I'm the associate director of student services. I actually have two main responsibilities that related to today's webinar. So the first one is registration and visa support. Actually, to some extent, So my job is to help you get through all these logistics: arriving in Beijing, register with Tsinghua, getting your residence permit, and making sure you can settle in smoothly, so you can focus on enjoying your year here. And the second one, like the second part of my job is the part I think is super fun, and that is everything related to your engagement with Tsinghua. So today I will also share a few examples and opportunities that you can like start think about. But before we get to the fun part, um, just a reminder about the office hour, since many of you are currently preparing your visa application and pre-arrival documents, we I will be hosting weekly office hours on every Monday and Thursday night. So if you have any questions regarding you know visa application or to Chinese scholars your hukou and down and transfer, you are more than welcome to register one and come to talk to me. So these are drop-in sessions. So you may need to wait in the waiting room for a few minutes if there are someone already before you and already in the conversation. And one thing that I want to just emphasize to our international scholars, though, is that only the Chinese embassy and consulate are able to answer are able to provide confirmed answer regarding like visa policies and processing timelines. So, but what we do is to, you know, share our experience. And even lessons from previous cohort explain the university requirement and to help you navigate process. So before joining the office hours, I also encourage you to read all the instructions that we posted on Blackboard, and then we can use the office hour to discuss your individual situation. All right. So next, I want to finally talk about something that more exciting. So I think one one biggest one of the biggest advantage of being a Schwarzman scholar is that you are not just studying in this building. You are part of the Tsinghua community, so throughout the year, we will work with you to explore opportunities to engage with Tsinghua University and to make the most of your year here. I will be going through like these opportunities one by one. These are the things that you don't have to decide anything today, but I want you to start thinking about how you want to contribute to Schwarzman and Tsinghua community once you are here. So the first one is called in Chinese,. So students from Chinese mainland who are community's party members are eligible to apply. So usually this position serves as a as a liaison with Tsinghua University Student Affairs Office to bring information resources and invent opportunities back to the college, and this So some some of you may have heard this saying like, like no sports, no Tsinghua. That said, like sports play a such important role in our daily life. So that's the first big sports event. Actually, after your arrival, will be the new graduate student sports competition that happened by the end of September. So this competition coordinator serves as a temporary volunteer position and will organize our participation in Tsinghua Graduate Sports Competition. So this will be a great opportunity if you enjoy bringing people together around athletics. And because the registration material and the system will be in Chinese, so high intermediate or advanced Mandarin level is required for this position, and also the third one is networking leader for Tsinghua. So throughout the year, we host or like we organize a lot of networking events with other Tsinghua schools. They were in different format.

[22:57] Some of them were in roundtable discussion, panel discussion, really leisure activities, cultural exchanges, a lot of different format that bring our college to other and to other Tsinghua schools. So we really welcome anyone who has you know resources, information, initiatives to help lead and organize these networking events with other Tsinghua schools, and the last but not least is Schwarzman College Student Assembly at CSA that is known as you know Schwarzman College Student Government. So It has multiple like positions, so we will be posting more information regarding you know the details of job descriptions, positions to Blackboard, and also have a session during the orientation as well. So again, you don't have to decide any of these today, but we will include a survey in the post webinar email, and whoever is interested, you are welcome to sign up one or multiple positions. And yeah, we are really excited to work with you this year. Alright, that's all from me. I will then I will pass to chat.

[24:19] Thank you,, and also and. I know they just gave you a whole bunch of information about how to come to China and what to expect when you're within the building, and then kind of ways to think about how you can contribute to Tsinghua and the larger community when you're here. So I'm just curious. Before we go next, put it put into the chat thing ways that you contributed to your alma mater, and maybe something that you could try to bring to Schwarzman. Let's see what see what we got. And and will be answering your questions in the chat quickly. No one put anything did anything at their. University, no chats. University clubs leadership. There's there. Qinghai has so many clubs. Volunteering days. Different clubs also have volunteer things. Wellness activities. Something is really becoming important at Tsinghua. started a club. You can also maybe think about looking to something here. Residential advisor and team captain. We love RAs and team captains. Head RA, Latin American.

[25:27] I wanted to add. I recently discovered that Tsinghua has a scavenger hunt club, which sounds amazing. Like that's incredible. What a fun way speaking.

[25:36] There are so many clubs at Tsinghua, and I think it's one of the best ways to really integrate yourself with the larger community, and if you want to practice your Chinese skills, I mean that you learn shoulder to shoulder as well as face to face. And I think doing things, public policy, social justice clubs, newspapers, newsletters, soccer captain. Yes, soccer is very important, and we so we need a good soccer team coming up. Entrepreneurship club. We have things both with Schwarzman and with the business school at Tsinghua doing entrepreneurship. So there's all these things. I'm excited for y'all to join all the clubs that not only in activities at Schwarzman but also in larger Tsinghua community. But now shifting gears one more time before we go next. Can you tell put into the chat a way that a custom or a rule, a law from in your country is maybe different than what other countries would be, or maybe people would be surprised. What's something interesting about where you're from that would surprise people? Either about your home country, home city, or a rule or regulation that may be different than you would expect, than most people would expect. No PDA, oh no, no personal displays of affection. It's been so long since I've seen PDA in China that I forgot what PDA meant for a second. People wear still wear traditional clothes during the day. Be like to smash cars with me in football matches. That's grungy jar saving face in Thailand. People drink hot water regularly. So the reason I bring this up is you know the next place you are going is Beijing, and it is not the second most biodiverse country in the world with access to Atlantic and Pacific, but it is a very interesting place. Hold on, maybe get to the next slide. When I when I think about living in China, what makes it so exceptional is China and Beijing itself are just full of contradictions. But I do think it's maybe helpful to kind of think about what you're about to encounter. I think for me, so I grew up on in a small town on a farm in rural North Carolina. Getting to Beijing, a city which has twice the population of my home state, was a bit much at the beginning. It's just massive, massive, and it's just this fascinating kind of mixture of both ancient traditions and world-class infrastructure, gleaming airports and high-speed trains, but then also very traditional cultural roots that that are there. I think in terms of one of the things that does surprise some of our of our scholars when they come is Beijing is very cosmopolitan, and people are used to seeing foreigners, but that's not the case when they go outside of Beijing, and it's not the case when you go to a tourist attraction in Beijing. And so, some things that sometimes people are like, why are people always taking my picture, or why do people want to touch my hair? You know, one of our alums from a c3 six foot three black man with very long dreads and has made a successful career in China, but he's like I had to get used to people kind of always pointing out or you know mentioning or wanting to touch my hair. He's like he doesn't like it, but he's gotten used to it over over time. But that's just one of the things that I do think sometimes people are surprised. Like why are why why am I drawing so much attention? And I think one of the things that speaks to is the number of foreigners that have actually left China over the years. And Beijing alone has probably lost about 70% of its foreign population since 2010 So that means that it's some in somewhat it's more similar to when I first arrived 20 something years ago, because sometimes I go to places where they haven't seen forwarders, and so I think just kind of expecting that, kind of being ready for that. Next slide, and you know one of the things though contradictions trying to China can be very bureaucratic, and you know processes take time.

[29:35] Now it can also be very adaptive, but when you're dealing with the Chinese bureaucracy, you definitely want to make sure if it if a process takes five to 10 days, then you should assume it's going to take five to 10 days, and there may not be a way to to quicken that. And so it's really important when it comes to things like visas. And one of the other things that is. Different laws and regulations and enforcement practices could be different from your from what you're used to, and so do not assume that the laws of your country apply in China. And I think there are two very specific cases that we want you all to kind of pay attention to in the beginning. One is WeChat. So if you have a The next the administrator of a WeChat ID, a WeChat group, you are legally responsible for anything that's posted in that group, and we'll go over social media norms more when we get to orientation. But just kind of be aware that if that if you're in a WeChat group or you're especially for the administrator for one, that what you say other people or yourself could be accountable for, even if it wasn't, if you didn't post it, the other way that that's quite different is, as you'll probably know, China takes drug use very, very seriously, and many things are illegal. And I think, especially the one that I think one should be very cognizant of is marijuana. So according to Chinese policy and law, if you let's say had a urine test and you tested positive for a drug, even if you they they could tell you did not do that drug while in China, if that drug is in your system, you will still be basically suffer administrative attention possibly and deportation if you're if you're a foreign student, and this has happened a few times over the years, where a study abroad student, you know, he'd come from Colorado, he'd come from Amsterdam, and they could tell that he hadn't smoked marijuana in a couple weeks, but it was still in the system, and therefore they had to leave the country. So that's just a way to prepare yourself. Give yourself at least 30 days, and so that that doesn't affect you at all, but you know, in terms of yeah, shower Colorado, or I could have chose Amsterdam or Canada. There's quite a few places now, but it's one. It's just one of those things that we have. You know, it is what it is. But you know, coming back to to experiencing China, I do hope that y'all are so looking forward to your experience. If you haven't been to China before, or if you haven't been in a few years, just be ready for just a mind-opening experience. And I think, for me, China is still the most intellectually interesting place on the planet. It just keeps-I'm almost addicted to learning about China. It's just so fascinating, and there's so many contradictions. But in terms of being successful here, I think it's it's kind of for me. I think it's what you need to be successful anywhere. Be curious, be flexible, get yourself out of your comfort zones. Don't just hang out with the people that are places from where you're from or that look like you or speak your language. I mean, get out and about, go explore, and I want you to also explore within the cohort, and also a key is a good sense of humor, and just I mean keeping that sense of humor. And if you find yourself where things are wearing you down, you're like, whoa, this is a bit much. Then find where you're going to find your comfort place then, and find that place where you can kind of recharge, because it's an intense year. It's an intense. It's an amazing year. It is, man. I'm so looking forward to the experiences y'all are going to have, and that we, me as staff, can have vicariously through you just slightly.
